Initial commit to add alpaca/wfeclipse (#22230)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/alpaca/wfeclipse/readme.md

# Alpaca Keyboards whitefox-eclipse

![Alpaca Keyboards whitefox-eclipse](https://i.imgur.com/VlyDBYG.jpg)

A customizable 68% keyboard.

- Keyboard Maintainer: [temp4gh](https://github.com/temp4gh)
- Hardware Supported: whitefox-eclipse PCB
- Hardware Availability: https://kono.store/collections/all-products-list/products/whitefox-eclipse?variant=43224249991367

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
> ```
>  make alpaca/wfeclipse:default
> ```
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
> ```
>   make alpaca/wfeclipse:default:flash
> ```
> 
> **Reset Key**: Hold down the key located at *K10*, commonly programmed as *Grave* while plugging in the keyboard.
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make alpaca/wfeclipse:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make alpaca/wfeclipse:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 2 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```

# Alpaca Keyboards whitefox-eclipse

> ![Alpaca Keyboards whitefox-eclipse](https://i.imgur.com/VlyDBYG.jpg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Alpaca Keyboards whitefox-eclipse](https://i.imgur.com/VlyDBYGh.jpg)
```

A customizable 68% keyboard.

- Keyboard Maintainer: [temp4gh](https://github.com/temp4gh)
- Hardware Supported: whitefox-eclipse PCB
- Hardware Availability: https://kono.store/collections/all-products-list/products/whitefox-eclipse?variant=43224249991367

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make alpaca/wfeclipse:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make alpaca/wfeclipse:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

> Enter the bootloader in 2 ways:

Reviewer 2: No physical reset button?

Author: Sure.
